Hola chicos! Come with me on my presentation day!
It's been brilliant so far it's a dream come true, best day of my life.
I'm here to win trophies, I'm here to continue writing the history
of the club. Hopefully we'll do it.
Good afternoon and welcome to Real Madrid City,
Today is a day of great emotion and excitement for all madridistas.
It's one of those days when we should feel very proud
because one of the best players in the world has come to Real Madrid.
Hello everyone. Hola Madridistas. I just want to say thank you
everyone in the room and everyone watching online for joining me
for the proudest day of my life the day where I joined the greatest
football club in the history of the game.
So thank you very much and finally, Hala Madrid!
It's beautiful isn't it?
The front's better but the back's not bad as well.
The number?
Yeah, it's amazing. To carry on the legacy of one of my favorite players.
See you soon!